Previously on "The Secret Circle"...
"My sweet Cassie,
you finding this
means I'm gone,
and for that,
I am so sorry.
I didn't want you
to have this life,
but destiny's
not easy to run from."
Hi, I'm Diana.
- You seen her yet?
- She got in yesterday.
- We're different.
- You're different.
You're a witch.
You're a full-blooded,
100% witch.
With her here,
we have real power now.
A complete circle
is six.
You complete
the circle.
She's got the gift.
You can get Cassie
to do what we need.
The circle will take care of
that without even knowing it.
Jane was performing a spell
over his body when I got there.
We've got to figure out a way
to control Jane's memory.
There was a guy in
Nick's yard last night.
It must have been
his older brother Jake.
There's no way I am going to let
Jake be a part of this circle.
I've been accused of doing
a lot of things tonight.
Maybe I should try
at least one of them.
Cassie's magic is stronger
than anything I've ever experienced.
She has dark magic
inside her.
So why are you
so desperate to tell her?
So she can fight it!
The antiquities dealer left
her some kind of warning.
I need to figure out
what it is.
It's time for
the witches to die.
And all that's left
for you to do is
to decide whether you're
still one of them.
What does it mean?
I don't know.
There's nothing familiar
here at all.
I just... I thought
because it has your initials...
I wish I recognized any of
these symbols, but I don't.
What exactly did Calvin say
to you when he gave you this?
That I was in danger.
Then he hung up,
and 5 minutes later,
we were attacked
by witch hunters.
I called his store
a bunch of times,
but no one answers.
Keep trying.
I'll check with
Henry Chamberlain.
He might know
what this is.
Faye's grandfather?
Yes. He's an elder,
and we're old friends.
Grandma... He died.
Of course he did.
I'm sorry, it's been
a stressful week,
and I'm not
sleeping well.
Don't worry.
I'm fine, I promise.
Ok. Ok.
All right.
I better get to school.
But I'll let you know if I
can get a hold of Calvin.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
¶ La da-da da-da
¶ da da-da da-da
www.SUBTITULOS.es
-DIFUNDE LA PALABRA-
Hey, emo girl.
You jerk.
What are you doing here?
Helping your dad with
the big shindig tonight.
He asked you to come to
check up on me, didn't he?
I'd say rumors of
your depression
were greatly underexaggerated.
Yeah, well,
my boyfriend died.
I know. I'm sorry.
I can't stop being sad.
I'm here now.
I'm just going to have to annoy
it right out of your system.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, Melissa. Hi.
You're Melissa's cousin.
Holden, you remember Diana.
No. Nice to meet you.
You don't remember her?
She had the biggest crush on
you when she was, like, 12.
She stopped by the house
all the time that summer.
Oh, my God, Melissa.
She's totally exaggerating.
Now I remember.
You were the one who made a necklace
out of ribbons you won at
the academic decathlon.
Yeah. That's her.
I officially hate you.
Forever.
So, what brings you
to town?
Helping Melissa's dad out
with the gala tonight.
Taking a semester
off school.
UCLA encourages outreach
to disadvantaged cousins.
Very charitable of you.
So, I guess
I'll see you tonight.
Yeah.
- What?
- Ugh!
Well, this is
a rare visit.
Are you ok?
I can't stop thinking
about grandpa.
I'm so sorry, honey.
It's horrible you were
the one to find him.
He would want us
to be strong.
And I need
your strength too.
The maritime memorial
fundraising gala is tonight.
You're still going?
I'm co-chair with Melissa's dad.
I have to go.
There's been a death
in the family.
No one will care
if you miss it.
Faye,
I have responsibilities.
You don't care about
granddad, do you?
That's not fair.
Our relationship
wasn't easy,
but he played his part
in that, too.
Really?
It looked to me like
you pushed him away.
That's why he stayed at the
lake house all the time,
because you wouldn't
let him into our life.
Maybe this is
your fault.
Don't talk to me
like that.
Our history was
complicated.
You don't know
the whole story.
Doesn't matter now,
does it?
Not to him, anyway.
Actually, no, we don't call
it the Scooby-doo magic shack.
I like it.
Kind of a girlier "lost boys" vibe.
Let me go turn on
the lights.
Hey, I saw that.
What are you up to?
What are you
really doing here?
- I brought him.
- Mm-mm.
The Jake I knew hated
this town.
He'd never hang around
here like a retiree.
But he would steal.
Jasper.
It's my family's stone.
I was going to put it
at Nick's grave.
Don't play
the death card with me.
Faye,
that's enough.
I know this is going to be a
blow to your overinflated ego,
but you don't know me.
You never did.
You're wrong.
And proving it to these suckers
is going to do my ego wonders.
Sorry.
Not your fault.
That's all my mistake.
- Let's take a look at these.
- Yeah.
Ok. How do you
figure out the symbols?
Don't know.
Ah. But look at this.
Witches used
to separate paper,
write messages
on the inside.
What?
And then put it
back together.
I'm impressed.
That's my father.
John Blackwell?
Yeah. J.B.
I'm so stupid for not
making the connection.
He died in the same fire
that your parents did.
But that's pretty much
everything I know about him.
Your mom never
talked about him?
Hmm. Maybe it was
too painful.
After a while,
I just stopped asking.
But now...
Here he is,
my whole history.
Father, grandfather.
Who are they?
Why did Calvin
give me this?
How does it protect me?
From what?
I don't know.
Well,
I have to ask him.
- Want to go with me?
- I can't.
I need to take care
of something.
I'm sorry.
But let me know
what he says.
I just... I just thought you
could help figure it out...
I know.
I wish I could.
But those symbols don't
make any sense to me.
I'm sure
Calvin will know.
It was
the strangest thing.
I searched the Blackwell family
tree on the Internet for hours
and came up
completely blank.
How can a family this big not
have a single hit online?
I don't know.
But it gives me
a bad feeling.
Did you ask your
grandmother about it?
Not yet. She's helping with the
maritime fundraiser today.
Are you going?
I was actually thinking about
inviting Jake.
But then, he was...
A little weird today.
You know,
kind of distant.
Come on. You guys kissed
at the lake house.
It's obvious there's
something between you two.
Definitely ask him.
Mmm. I'll think about it.
- So, what about you? You going?
- Yep.
Solo. I'm single now.
It's pretty
empowering, actually,
when I'm not desperately
missing Adam.
- Mind?
- Yeah.
Cassie's dark magic
comes from Balcoin.
That's not possible.
The Balcoin line
was eradicated.
Hidden,
but not eradicated.
The name was changed
to Blackwell.
Cassie's father was
John Blackwell.
He died in the fire and would've
been the last in the Balcoin line...
until Cassie.
Balcoin is at the
origin of black magic.
And Cassie has darker energy
than we ever thought.
Reversing the power of
the witch cruet on Luke
was just the tip of
what she's capable of.
Killing her is
no longer an option.
Her fate is for the
council to decide.
We'll leave
in the morning
and present this
new information.
I could stay.
Keep an eye on her.
You have feelings
for her.
No. None.
This is my fault.
I put you in
the middle of all this.
And it's natural you feel
connected to them somehow.
But you can't let emotion cloud
what you know to be true.
Witchcraft killed
your family.
It's killed thousands of innocents,
and it will kill more if we let it.
Allowing that truth
to guide you,
that's what makes you
different from them.
When I found you, you were filled
with pain and self-hatred.
And now, you're on
the verge of redemption.
You need to leave here before
you lose sight of that.
You're right.
We'll leave tomorrow.
Calvin?
Going somewhere?
Just cleaning out
some of Nick's stuff.
Ahh.
Is everything ok?
Sure.
I went by Calvin's place.
Still locked up.
It's so strange.
- Maybe he's away.
- Yeah.
Diana and I tried to
find out some stuff
about my dad, or any of
the blackwells. And nothing.
Sorry I couldn't be
more helpful.
Is everything really ok?
You seem...Weird.
No weirder than usual.
Ok, good.
So, uh...
The maritime fundraiser
is tonight.
And I was wondering if maybe
you wanted to go with me.
I don't think so.
Oh.
Uh, yeah, I... I figured.
Why not?
What, I'm good enough to kiss,
but not good enough to
actually go on a date with?
Do you really want
to do this?
No, not at all.
But I just... I don't understand.
I thought we were headed
in a good direction.
Good direction?
Because why?
Truth or dare?
- Not just that...
- You're a nice girl,
but I'm not interested.
Sorry if I gave you
the wrong impression.
You don't mean that.
Yeah, I do, actually.
There is something
between us.
I felt it.
And I still feel it,
even in this second, when
you're acting like a jerk.
This isn't me acting
like a jerk, Cassie.
This is me trying
to be nice.
I'm not interested.
What part of that
don't you understand?
Thanks.
Word gets out
you're free,
they just come
buzzing around.
What do you want, faye?
I'm busy.
We need to talk
somewhere quiet.
Oh, if this is
your desperate way
of asking me to the gala,
the answer's no.
I'm crushed. Truly.
Come on.
I think you're right
about Jake.
He's up to something.
Is this because he's
hanging out with Cassie?
Yes, actually. But not in the
weird, misguided jealousy way
you have going on
in your head.
So what is the problem?
I know Jake better than
anyone, and I'm telling you,
joining the circle, spending all
this time with us, with her...
There's something
weird about it.
I know. What, exactly?
I don't know.
But...
Cassie brought him to
the abandoned house today...
She did?
He was too curious,
too interested.
- In the house or her?
- Both.
Jake doesn't do
interested.
Him not caring is
what makes him, him.
He's after something.
Trust me.
What?
I saw that.
It was just...
Somehow, he got even
cuter, that's all.
Yeah. It's nice
to have him here.
No matter how bad
life gets,
holden always
makes me laugh.
I could use
some of that.
He's not a rebound guy, Diana.
Ladies.
Guess we're
supposed to put
one of these
on every table?
Yeah, that's right.
Then you'd better get started.
Yeah.
- Right behind you.
- Mm-hmm.
I'm always looking for new ways
to get her to glare at me.
All right.
You're late.
And you are lovely.
How's the crystal?
Safe and sound.
No need to worry.
It must be difficult for
you to resist its draw.
I know how you miss
the feeling of power.
Maybe you should give
it to me to hold.
I'm going to keep it,
Dawn.
Let's get going.
But I did have
a thought.
Now that we know where
Diana keeps her book,
we can look for alternatives
to the blood moon ceremony.
Find out how to locate
the other crystals.
Henry's body
just turned up dead
because you didn't hide it
well enough the first time.
Your mistake forced us
to silence Jane.
If you think
the rest of the elders
aren't paying attention to this
town right now, you're a fool.
I think we just need to lay low with
the crystal for a little while.
Fine. That's probably a good idea.
You may have the crystal,
but you still need me.
Let's not forget that.
You look magnificent.
Thanks.
Hey, grandma,
I found this family tree
inside the parchment.
Do you know anything about
the Blackwell family line?
- What's wrong?
- Nothing.
I...
I don't know. I'm sorry.
What did you say?
I asked you if you knew anything
about John Blackwell's
family tree.
No.
I never met anyone
in that family.
Oh.
And your mother never
talked about them.
Oh. Ok.
Would you get
the door, please?
I need to find
my purse.
What do you want?
To apologize.
For stealing those
from our garden?
Ok, two things.
I feel something between
the two of us, too.
I'm just not totally sure
how to deal with it.
Well, what you've been
trying so far
hasn't worked,
if that helps.
I know. And I'm sorry.
You just sort of
took me by surprise
from the first time
we met.
I know it's probably
too late,
but I'd be honored to go to the
fundraiser with you tonight.
Hi. Can I get two more, please?
A red and a white?
Thank you.
Jane.
You're looking
very nice this evening.
Thank you, Charles.
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
Just enjoying watching
Amelia have fun.
You mean Cassie.
Remember, you're supposed
to keep an eye on Jake,
not Diana.
You want a drink
or something?
As long as we're here.
Sure. How about something
with an olive?
How about whatever I can con
the bartender into giving me?
And try not to let Jake
get away while I'm gone.
We're going to dance.
Oh, really?
Yep.
I'm trying to...
Picture my mother here
when she was my age,
all dressed up,
dancing.
Maybe with my father.
Since we found
that family tree today,
I can't stop
thinking about him.
I never told
my mom this,
because I knew
it would upset her,
but when I was little,
I created an imaginary
version of my father.
And I would just talk
to him all the time.
I made up all the things that
she never told me about him...
where he was from,
the kind of foods he liked,
what kind of tea he would
drink at tea parties.
How proud he was of me.
Sorry.
Look who
I'm talking too.
You lost both your parents
at the same time.
I talked to Nick once.
Before...
he told me that this blonde
girl moved next door
into the Blake house...
short, sad.
But strong.
A survivor.
He admired her.
I guess he was talking
about you.
What?
Nothing.
I'll be right back.
You're the only girl I know
here that I'm not related to.
Any chance
you'd want to dance?
Oh, I don't know.
Don't know how?
I'll show you. Come on.
What are you doing here?
I came to find you.
The plan has changed.
I spoke to the council,
and there's more
going on than you know.
We're taking Cassie
with us.
And we're leaving
tonight.
We're bringing Cassie
with us?
You are. From here, where
no one will notice.
I don't think
that's a good idea.
Kidnapping's the kind of thing
that might set her off.
That's why
I'm coming to you.
She trusts you.
She won't leave
her friends.
She will for you.
Find a way.
Bring her
to the council.
Unless you can't.
In which case, you need
to tell me right now.
Of course I can.
The council thinks it's too
dangerous to leave her here.
They want to use her
power to our advantage,
just like
we have with you...
fighting fire with fire.
That's what you said.
Yes.
I'll find a way to get her
out of here and to the boat.
Good.
Cassie.
You're back.
I'm pleasantly surprised.
You need to come with me.
- It's important. Trust me.
- Ok.
Here. My mother bought
the good stuff.
You know.
Impress the donors.
Jake is a witch hunter.
How do you know?
I just saw him talking
to the head witch hunter
who tried to kill us.
We got to tell
the others.
And find Cassie.
Is that your ex?
Melissa told me
all about it.
Yeah, it is.
I'm sorry to do this,
but I should go.
- Rain check?
- Sure.
No problem.
She's not picking up.
If they left,
where would he take her?
- Home?
- Ok.
Faye and I
will look there.
Let's check outside.
Call us
if you find them.
If this was just
your lame attempt
to get me back to your room...
Is that your family's
book of shadows?
You said you wanted to know
more about your father.
What do you know
about him?
Your father comes from a very
powerful line of witches
that originated from
a man named Balcoin.
These pages are a
warning about
the destructive power of darkness,
And how it can transform
someone into evil.
What is this?
Why are you showing me?
Because you need to know
where you come from.
Your ancestors did
terrible things.
Your father's lineage is
from strong dark magic.
That's why you have
the power you do,
outside the circle.
You're telling me my
ancestors were monsters?
So that's
what you think I am?
No, I don't.
That's why
I'm telling you,
why I'm trusting you
with this.
Trust?
So this is why you pulled away
from me before, isn't it?
You knew.
You know at the lake house,
when Simone attacked you...
you knew the whole time.
What have you been doing,
studying me?
I knew you were special,
not that the Blackwell
name used to be Balcoin.
400 years ago?
That's what has you
so freaked out?
Get off of me.
This is what Calvin was
trying to warn you about.
Having this bloodline
makes you a target.
You have power inside you
that others want.
We have to leave here.
You want me
to go with you?
That's never going
to happen.
I'm not leaving my
grandma or my friends.
Staying puts
all of them in jeopardy.
Staying together
keeps us stronger.
What if someone
comes after them,
and I'm out there
hiding?
Did you leaving
help Nick?
Jake is a witch hunter.
What is it?
Nothing.
Just Diana checking in.
Everything that you're...
you're telling me,
it's just a lot to take in.
You have to trust me.
I know you did once.
I've made a lot
of mistakes in my life.
Taking you away from here is
the only way to make them right.
But we have to go now.
Ok. I'll, um...
I'll just run to my house
and get my things.
This is the right thing,
Cassie. I promise.
You need to hurry.
I will.
- Cassie.
- Yeah?
You really can trust me.
Cassie?
No!
Jane.
Are you all right?
I'm not sure.
I'm a little dizzy.
Maybe a migraine.
You should sit down.
I'm probably just tired.
Too many double shifts
at the hospital.
It's nice to see
you two together.
Glad to see you're
taking an interest
in someone other
than John Blackwell.
Blackwell? What are you
talking about, Jane?
Amelia always says
you worship him.
Let me take you home.
Thank you.
Just give me a minute.
You know, I always thought you
had a little crush on Blackwell,
but I guess it was
much more than that.
He's dead.
What does it matter?
You said the spell was just
supposed to make her forget
everything that she saw
at the lake house.
- What is wrong with her?
- I don't know.
You obviously
didn't do it right.
I'm getting a little sick
of your accusations.
We did the spell.
You chose it.
You did what you wanted to do.
You kept the crystal.
And you got the spell
from your family's book.
So if Jane suffers any
long-term damage, it's on you.
Where's Cassie?
- Where is she?
- Get off...
So you can run again, huh?
Witch hunters.
They took her.
You are a witch hunter!
I know you hate me.
I don't blame you.
But Cassie's in trouble.
You have
to help me save her.
Help me, and I'll leave.
Forever.
So first, you're
trying to kill us.
And now, you're coming
to the rescue?
- I don't buy it.
- It's Cassie.
That's what
he cares about.
It's an act, faye.
He's lying.
No, he means it.
Can you handle
a knife?
Yes, I can handle a knife.
There's 3 of us.
We can do magic.
Magic won't work on the boat.
It's made of ash wood.
And...
It's like the circle
of ashes that took away
your powers
on halloween.
Oh, right. When you were
leading us to slaughter.
I knew the situation
felt familiar.
If you distract
and get them off the boat,
I'll get Cassie.
No.
No way. You're not going
near her.
You distract.
I'll go.
Maybe blow yourself
up, if you have to.
Come on.
What's the plan?
This.
Imphatus bannacd.
What was that?
Ow, Ow!
- Cassie. Cassie.
- Adam?
Are you hurt?
You ok?
Um...Yeah. I'm ok.
I'm going to get you out of here.
Thanks.
Come on.
Aah!
You're not going
anywhere.
- Let him go.
- Or what?
Your magic won't
work on this boat.
Are you sure
you want to try me?
Last time I burned up
one of your hunters.
Get out of here!
Focus on the dock.
Picture it in your head.
Flames, burn back our path.
Flames,
burn back our path.
You know what she is,
the Balcoin bloodline.
It's not her fault.
It doesn't matter.
She matters to me.
Then you're a fool.
Get us out of here.
She can fight off
the darkness.
The circle doesn't have
to be destructive.
You don't know what
you're talking about.
Cassie Blake is not the only child
of Blackwell in the circle.
www.SUBTITULOS.es
-DIFUNDE LA PALABRA-
¶ La da-da da-da
¶ da da-da da-da
¶ la-da, la-da, la-da
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org